en: update TLS certificate for the admission controller (#189)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/enable-admission-webhook.md

      create: true
    ```

>     * If your Kubernetes cluster version >= v1.13.0, you can enable the Webhook feature by the configuration above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If your Kubernetes cluster version >= v1.13.0, enable the Webhook feature by using the configuration above.
```

>     * If your Kubernetes cluster version < v1.13.0, you need to run the following command and configure the `admissionWebhook.cabundle` in `values.yaml` as the return value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If your Kubernetes cluster version < v1.13.0, run the following command and configure the `admissionWebhook.cabundle` in `values.yaml` as the return value:
```

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```shell
        kubectl get configmap -n kube-system extension-apiserver-authentication -o=jsonpath='{.data.client-ca-file}' | base64 | tr -d '\n'
        ```

        ```yaml
        admissionWebhook:

>           # Configure `admissionWebhook.cabundle` as the return value of the command above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Configure the value of `admissionWebhook.cabundle` as the return value of the command above
```

    To install or update TiDB Operator, see [Deploy TiDB Operator in Kubernetes](deploy-tidb-operator.md).

> ## Set TLS certificate for the admission controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set the TLS certificate for the admission controller
```

By default, the admission controller and Kubernetes api-server skip the [TLS verification](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/configure-aggregation-layer/#contacting-the-extension-apiserver). To manually enable and configure the TLS verification between the admission controller and Kubernetes api-server, take the following steps:

> 1. Generate the custom certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate the custom certificate.
```

    To generate the custom CA (client auth) file, refer to Step 1 to Step 4 in [Generate certificates using `cfssl`](enable-tls-between-components.md#using-cfssl).

    Use the following configuration in `ca-config.json`:

    ```json
    {
        "signing": {
            "default": {
                "expiry": "8760h"
            },
            "profiles": {
                "server": {
                    "expiry": "8760h",
                    "usages": [
                        "signing",
                        "key encipherment",
                        "server auth"
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

    After executing Step 4, run the `ls` command. The following files should be listed in the `cfssl` folder:

    ```bash
    ca-config.json    ca-csr.json    ca-key.pem    ca.csr    ca.pem
    ```

> 2. Generate the certificate for the admission controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate the certificate for the admission controller.
```

>     First, create the default `webhook-server.json` file:

Reviewer: Suggest using a sub-step ordered list for this section.
```suggestion
    1. Create the default `webhook-server.json` file:
```

        "key": {
            "algo": "rsa",
            "size": 2048
        },
        "names": [
            {
                "C": "US",
                "L": "CA",
                "O": "PingCAP",
                "ST": "Beijing",
                "OU": "TiDB"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

    `<namespace>` is the namespace which TiDB Operator is deployed in.

    Then, generate the server-side certificate for TiDB Operator Webhook:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cfssl gencert -ca=ca.pem -ca-key=ca-key.pem -config=ca-config.json -profile=server webhook-server.json | cfssljson -bare webhook-server
    ```

    After executing the above step, run the `ls | grep webhook-server` command. The following files should be listed:

    ```bash
    webhook-server-key.pem
    webhook-server.csr
    webhook-server.json
    webhook-server.pem
    ```

3. Create a secret in the Kubernetes cluster:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl create secret generic <secret-name> --namespace=<namespace> --from-file=tls.crt=~/cfssl/webhook-server.pem --from-file=tls.key=~/cfssl/webhook-server-key.pem --from-file=ca.crt=~/cfssl/ca.pem
    ```

> 4. Modify `values.yaml` and install/upgrade TiDB Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Modify `values.yaml`, and install or upgrade TiDB Operator.
```
